feat(signpost): initial design guidance (#7)
vmware-clarity/clarity-guidance: 1027-signpost-design-guidance.md

---
category: component design guidance
state: draft
created: 2024-10-17
updated: 2024-10-22
---

# Signpost Design Guidance

[Signposts](https://clarity.design/documentation/signpost) are displayed in a popover dialog box and contain contextual help or information.

## Guidance

> - **Must** use as an alternative to [tooltip](https://clarity.design/documentation/tooltip) when you have more content.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Design teams **must** use signposts as an alternative to tooltips when additional content is necessary. This allows for more detailed information to be provided without overwhelming the user interface.
```

> - **Must** use when the information presented needs to stay in view until the user interacts with another element.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Design teams **must** use signposts when the information needs to remain visible until the user interacts with another element. This ensures that users have access to important contextual information while navigating the interface.
```

> - **Must** use when you want to include a header, an image, or text/image links in the content, as [tooltip](https://clarity.design/documentation/tooltip) does not support non-text or interactive content.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Design teams **must** use signposts when including a header, image, or text/image links in the content, as tooltips do not support non-text or interactive elements. This allows for a richer presentation of information.
```

> - **Must** use the allowed dimensions for the dialog. Width X Height format (216px minimum X 84px minimum) or (360px maximum X 504px maximum).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Design teams **must** use the specified dimensions for the dialog, adhering to the format of Width X Height (216px minimum X 84px minimum) or (360px maximum X 504px maximum). This ensures consistency and optimal usability across the interface.
```

> - **Must** be paired with a trigger element, such as a button or icon button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Design teams **must** pair signposts with a trigger element, such as a button or icon button. This establishes a clear interaction pathway for users, making it easy for them to access contextual information when needed.
```

> - **Should** be paired with a trigger element, such as an icon or button link.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **Must** be paired with a trigger element, such as an icon or button link.
```

How else would it work?

> - **Must not** insert any actionable components, such as [buttons](https://clarity.design/documentation/button), in the dialog box. You can use text or image links.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Design teams **must not** insert any actionable components, such as buttons, in the dialog box. Instead, text or image links can be used to maintain clarity and prevent confusion about the dialog's purpose.
```

> - **Should not** be so large that it dominates the screen. Make sure that the popover doesn't obstruct other important information on the screen.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Design teams **should not** allow signposts to become so large that they dominate the screen. It’s important to ensure that the popover does not obstruct other critical information, maintaining a clear user interface.
```

> - **Should** open only one signpost at a time to keep the interface uncluttered.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Design teams **should** ensure that only one signpost opens at a time to keep the interface uncluttered. This approach helps users focus on the information presented without being overwhelmed by multiple popovers.
```

> - **May** include a vertical scrollbar (browser default), if the content exceeds the maximum height of the dialog.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Design teams **may** include a vertical scrollbar (browser default) if the content exceeds the maximum height of the dialog. This ensures that users can still access all information without compromising the dialog's design integrity.
```
